gmail backup
Author: Richard Tew <richard.m.tew@gmail.com>

LICENSING:

This project is released under the terms of the MIT license, which
you should find included in the LICENSE file.

USAGE:

This is how I use it currently, note that it requires you to have this
directory as your current working one:

 0. Edit updateCache.py and set 'backupSearchResults' to True.
 1. Open a DOS command window.
 2. cd into this directory
 3. python updateCache.py
 4. enter your user name.
 5. enter your password.
 6. wait.

 At this point given a lot of mails and threads to process, gmail
 may lock you out.  If it is in a way I have not encountered, then
 you will need to repair the data.  If it is in a way I have
 encountered and I expect it would be, then you need to wait until
 the account is unlocked and retry.

 This is the reason why it is safer to enable the backup of search
 results.  Because in order to reduce the load on the gmail server
 and prevent your account being locked, the script proactively
 saves out the information fetched.  Do not delete this cached
 data when it prompts until you are sure the account has been
 updated.

In order to use the 'updateCache.py' script, you will need to have
libgmail installed, which you can obtain from:

  http://libgmail.sourceforge.net/
  
There are further comments at the top of the 'updateCache.py' file.

POTENTIAL PROBLEMS:

You may have to tweak the script to get it to work.  I backed up my
account while developing it, and do not know how it handles backing
up an account from the beginning.  Let me know if this is beyond
you, if it does not work, and I will sort this out.

WHY USE THIS SCRIPT:

Quoted from my blog:
http://nameless-sorrows.blogspot.com/2006/08/backing-up-gmail-account.html

"There are a lot of interesting and useful services on the internet these
days, like gmail and blogger. But when I take advantage of them, I cannot
help but feel pained by the fact I am entering my content/information into
a something controlled by someone else. There is a certain satisfaction to
having a copy of your own information, knowing that if the service goes
away, or changes it terms of service, you still have everything you created
to do with as you wish."
