gmail backup
Author: Richard Tew <richard.m.tew@gmail.com>

LICENSING:

This project is released under the terms of the MIT license, which
you should find included in the LICENSE file.

USAGE:

This is how I use it currently, note that it requires you to have this
directory as your current working one:

 0. Edit updateCache.py and set 'backupSearchResults' to True.
 1. Open a DOS command window.
 2. cd into this directory
 3. python updateCache.py
 4. enter your user name.
 5. enter your password.
 6. wait.

 At this point given a lot of mails and threads to process, gmail
 may lock you out.  If it is in a way I have not encountered, then
 you will need to repair the data.  If it is in a way I have
 encountered and I expect it would be, then you need to wait until
 the account is unlocked and retry.

 This is the reason why it is safer to enable the backup of search
 results.  Because in order to reduce the load on the gmail server
 and prevent your account being locked, the script proactively
 saves out the information fetched.  Do not delete this cached
 data when it prompts until you are sure the account has been
 updated.

All of the dependencies required, are included with the gmail-backup
source code under the 'libgmail' directory.  These include:

  http://libgmail.sourceforge.net/
  http://wwwsearch.sourceforge.net/mechanize
  http://wwwsearch.sourceforge.net/ClientForm

See 'README.libgmail' for information on their individual licenses.
 
POTENTIAL PROBLEMS:

libgmail seems to be buggy.  I have experienced bugs in its unicode
support.  And I've had bugs reported in its attachment handling, as
bugs with this program.

gmail may change its interface.  This may require the updating of
the libgmail source code which comes with this, to the latest
version, which will presumably be upgraded to deal with these
changes.

WHY USE THIS SCRIPT:

Quoted from my blog:
http://posted-stuff.blogspot.com/2006/08/backing-up-gmail-account.html

"There are a lot of interesting and useful services on the internet these
days, like gmail and blogger. But when I take advantage of them, I cannot
help but feel pained by the fact I am entering my content/information into
a something controlled by someone else. There is a certain satisfaction to
having a copy of your own information, knowing that if the service goes
away, or changes it terms of service, you still have everything you created
to do with as you wish."
